well howdy there internet people it's
beau again somebody asked a question
today and sent me down a rabbit hole you
know my first response was just to
dismiss the question but after thinking
about it it's a fair question and it
deserves an answer even though I'm
fairly certain it was a rhetorical
question now the question was what kind
of person would put their kids in that
kind of danger to emigrate it is a fair
question so after a little bit of
research I found a first-person account
of one of those trips and read it now
terrible misery stench fumes horror
vomiting many kinds of sickness fever
dysentery headache heat constipation
boil scurvy cancer mouth rot and the
like all of which come from old and
sharply salted food and meat also very
bad and found water so that many died
miserably late scurvy I'm reading the
wrong one this is how your family got
here you came from Europe this is
somebody that took the trip in the 1700s
now when this guy showed up what would
happen the ship would stay offshore and
somebody would have to come along and
kind of purchase you off the ship pay a
little bit of more money get you off of
it this took time and the sick people
were still on the ship in fact if they
were really sick their families wouldn't
come to get them a lot of people died
waiting to come ashore the risk of
contagion was higher so a lot of people
took their kids and gave them to
strangers to save their lives sounds
familiar doesn't it
sounds familiar so this was in the mid
1700s it stayed like this and these were
the conditions until about the mid 1800s
then they got a little bit better and
you know indentured servitude ended
somewhere along the way but they got a
little bit better in the 1840s but not
too much but let's just go ahead and
face facts if you came your family came
after 1840 well your for a refugee
fleeing famine World War one you know
you were an economic refugee dealing
with the hard times caused by the
depression fleeing World War two the the
Soviet Union trying to get out from
behind the Iron Curtain or worried about
the coming conflict and this is a well I
mean that's pretty much all of history
maybe the fall was Soviet Union a lot
came them too he came from Asia trip was
a little worse but very very similar he
came from Africa it was obviously a
whole lot worse everybody they came to
this country whether voluntarily or
involuntarily suffered coming here some
more than others but everybody suffered
everybody took that risk that's that's
how this country was founded people are
still taking that risk today now the
follow-up question of course or not a
question but a statement was that tough
it was my country I'd stay and fix it if
my country was this corrupt I would stay
and fix it we're waiting we're yet
you've got cities that didn't have
potable water you've got studies showing
that the democracy the Republic is dead
and that we live in an oligarchy need I
remind you we have cages filled with
toddlers who are covered with bodily
fluids don't have enough to eat
we're yet I mean you're not even having
to fight armed narco-terrorists and
gangs or government propped up by the
CIA I mean what are you doing you're too
busy enjoying your favorite flavor boot
leather and I know somebody right now is
saying probably typing the comment you
know that it if I have all these
problems with the country if I don't
like it
why don't I leave think about that a
little bit before you hit Enter
the spiritual sons and daughters of the
people who built this country are not
the citizens who say stuff like this the
spiritual sons and daughters of the
people who built this country are the
people dying down there on the border
that's who truly embodies the American
spirit still not the people who say
stuff like this you know no self
evaluation will ever be as valuable or
is accurate as an enemies evaluation of
you their appraisal is going to be more
truthful everybody knows that Hitler
wrote mine Kampf
he also wrote another book and in it he
expressed his fear about fighting the
United States because to him what he saw
was that the bravest and the boldest of
all of these villages all over the world
those people that would not settle for a
substandard life that would not count
out to some dictator well they left and
they came here they came to the US and
he was terrified of fighting the United
States because of that he knew that that
spirit would shine through and he was
right he didn't fare too well
so I guess the answer to that question
who would make this kind of trip and
endanger their family like this you if
you have the courage if you are the sons
of the pioneers the daughters of rosie
the riveter you'd be welcoming these
people as new additions to the American
tapestry not crying and saying that
their children deserve to drown anyway
it's just a thought
I'll have a good night